add precomputed assignments documentation for JS client (#541)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/sdks/client-sdks/javascript/precomputed-assignments.mdx

---
title: Precomputed Assignments
sidebar_position: 100
---

## Overview

Precomputed assignments is a feature that allows you to receive assignments for all flags for a given user.

The computation happens with a remote call to an Eppo Edge Function which is globally distributed to be as close to the user as possible. 
Availability is backed by Eppo's global CDN.

> The new SDK methods are available in Eppo's Javascript SDK version `3.8.0` and above.

Reviewer: I am considering deprecating versions 3.8.0 and 3.8.1. Could we make this 3.8.2?

---
title: Precomputed Assignments
sidebar_position: 100
---

## Overview

Precomputed assignments is an execution mode that allows you to receive assignments for all flags for a given user.

The computation happens with a remote call to an Eppo Edge Function which is 
globally distributed to be as close to the user as possible. Availability is backed by Eppo's CDN.

This mode is best suited for applications that require a smaller response payload,
more predictable latency, and removal of private targeting rules over the public internet.

The new SDK methods are available in Eppo's Javascript SDK version `3.8.2` and above.

## Advantages

- Private and secure handling of targeting rules.
- High availability and low latency due to globally distribution with the CDN.

## Prerequisites

On client initialization, you must have the subject key and all available subject attributes available.

## Assignment logging

> Using the non-precomputed Eppo client, when a variation is matched, the SDK executes the provided logging callback.
> 
> When using the precomputed Eppo client, flag evaluation and assignments occur at different times.
> 
> In both case, exposure events are logged when `get*Assignment` is invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the non-precomputed Eppo client, flag evaluation and assignments both occur together in the client.

When using the precomputed Eppo client, flag evaluation occurs up front during initialization and assignments occur afterwards.

In both case, assignment events are only logged by the provided logging callback when `get*Assignment` is invoked.
```
